README.md, before:

# Google Music Hotkeys

> Browser extension that adds keyboard control to web version of Google Music

## Background

I wanted to control background playback of Google Music without switching tabs.
That is all.

## Features

- works in Firefox and Chrome
- regular click toggles playback
- context-click shows menu with other playback controls
- open and pin Google Music if it is not open yet
- try to build a new playlist when one hasn't been loaded yet
- keyboard-based playback control
    - toggle playback: <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>8</kbd>, visual hint: <kbd>*</kbd>
    - previous song: <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>9</kbd>, visual hint: <kbd>(</kbd>
    - next song: <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>0</kbd>, visual hint: <kbd>)</kbd>
    - [how to customize default shortcuts?](#how-to-customize-shortcuts)

## Install

| Firefox                                                                                                                                                          | Chrome / Chromium                                                                                                                                                                              |
| -------------                                                                                                                                                    | -------------                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| [![Get the add-on](https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/files/2015/11/AMO-button_1.png)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/google-music-hotkeys-webext/) | [![](https://developer.chrome.com/webstore/images/ChromeWebStore_BadgeWBorder_v2_206x58.png)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-music-hotkeys/fgjkdpncbpnlhbdbmelbhmapblgaamkl) |

## How To Customize Shortcuts

### Chromium

1. Open `chrome://extensions/configureCommands`
2. Customize key bindings to your liking
3. You can optionally switch shortcut scope to _Global_:
   > ![peek 2017-11-28 19-44](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/157609/33337860-a03f29f6-d474-11e7-88b9-748739b20725.gif)    
    _Global_ shortcuts should work even when Chrome isn’t ‘in focus’.    
    Keep in mind that _Global_ shortcuts can interfere with regular desktop app shortcuts.
4. That is all!

### Firefox

It will be possible as soon as Mozilla implements GUI for customizing key shortcuts :-)

Feel free to register at Bugzilla and vote for relevant issues:
- https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1303384
- https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1320332

To get future updates on the topic, subscribe to [Issue #1](https://github.com/lidel/google-music-hotkeys/issues/1).

## Development

```
npm install
npm run build
npm run firefox
```

## License

`Play_music_triangle.png` from https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Play_music_triangle.svg

The add-on itself is released under [CC0](LICENSE): to the extent possible under law, the author has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work, effectively placing it in the public domain.

Commit message:

Triggering autoplay via URL parameter
Closes #5

README.md, after:

# Google Music Hotkeys

> Browser extension that adds keyboard control to web version of Google Music

## Background

I wanted to control background playback of Google Music without switching tabs.
That is all.

## Features

- works in Firefox and Chrome
- keyboard-based playback control
    - toggle playback: <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>8</kbd>, visual hint: <kbd>*</kbd>
    - previous song: <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>9</kbd>, visual hint: <kbd>(</kbd>
    - next song: <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>0</kbd>, visual hint: <kbd>)</kbd>
    - [how to customize default shortcuts?](#how-to-customize-shortcuts)
- toolbar button
    - regular click toggles playback
    - context-click shows menu with other playback controls
- open and pin Google Music if it is not open yet
- try to build a new playlist when one hasn't been loaded yet
- support for autoplay of bookmarks with `&autoplay=true` parameter

## Install

| Firefox                                                                                                                                                          | Chrome / Chromium                                                                                                                                                                              |
| -------------                                                                                                                                                    | -------------                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| [![Get the add-on](https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/files/2015/11/AMO-button_1.png)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/google-music-hotkeys-webext/) | [![](https://developer.chrome.com/webstore/images/ChromeWebStore_BadgeWBorder_v2_206x58.png)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-music-hotkeys/fgjkdpncbpnlhbdbmelbhmapblgaamkl) |

## How To Customize Shortcuts

### Chromium

1. Open `chrome://extensions/configureCommands`
2. Customize key bindings to your liking
3. You can optionally switch shortcut scope to _Global_:
   > ![peek 2017-11-28 19-44](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/157609/33337860-a03f29f6-d474-11e7-88b9-748739b20725.gif)    
    _Global_ shortcuts should work even when Chrome isn’t ‘in focus’.    
    Keep in mind that _Global_ shortcuts can interfere with regular desktop app shortcuts.
4. That is all!

### Firefox

It will be possible as soon as Mozilla implements GUI for customizing key shortcuts :-)

Feel free to register at Bugzilla and vote for relevant issues:
- https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1303384
- https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1320332

To get future updates on the topic, subscribe to [Issue #1](https://github.com/lidel/google-music-hotkeys/issues/1).

## Development

```
npm install
npm run build
npm run firefox
```

## License

`Play_music_triangle.png` from https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Play_music_triangle.svg

The add-on itself is released under [CC0](LICENSE): to the extent possible under law, the author has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work, effectively placing it in the public domain.
